[JENKINS-69149] Set 'Known hosts file' strategy as default (#882)
jenkinsci/git-client-plugin: README.adoc

== Ssh Host Key verification

Git Client plugin provides various options to verify the SSH keys presented by Git repository host servers.

> By default, Git Client plugin uses "Known hosts file" strategy, which verifies all host keys using the known_hosts file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Git Client plugin uses the "Known hosts file" strategy to verify all host keys using the known_hosts file.
```
